{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg932\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf250
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red153\green102\blue51;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15940\viewh16300\viewkind0
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b\fs28 FAQ for Mac port
\b0\fs24 \
\

\b \
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf2 Differences and similarities among the Mac port and other ports
\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf3 1. SRAM file (.srm), RTC file (.rtc), cheat file (.cht), movie file (.smv) and snapshot (save-state) file (.frz)\cf0 \
	These files are compatible, except for the extension of the snapshot file. The only one difference is that the Mac port puts the thumbnail screenshot into the resource fork of .frz and .smv files, but the resource fork is usually deleted or separated when you send these files to your friends who don't use Mac.\
\
\cf3 2. The place of files (.srm, .cht, .ips, ...)\cf0 \
	You can choose where Snes9x will look for cheats, patches, snapshots, etc., by the pop-up menu in 'Files' tab in 'Preferences' dialog.\
	Snes9x folder - The subdirectories will be created and searched in the same folder as Snes9x.\
	ROM folder - The files will all be in the same folder as the ROM being used.\
	Application Support folder (default) - The subdirectories will be created and searched in /Users/(your name)/Library/Application Support/Snes9x/.\
\
\cf3 3. Key mapping\cf0 \
	The default settings of key mapping are different. For example, the A-button is the command key on Mac, while it's the D key in Windows.\
\
\cf3 4. User interface\cf0 \
	All of the menus and dialogs are different.\
\
\cf3 5. AVI or QuickTime export\cf0 \
	Mac port supports QuickTime export instead of AVI export in Windows port.\
\
\cf3 6. Sound effect and Core Image filter\cf0 \
	These features are for Mac only because they use Mac OS X's individual functions.\
\
\cf3 7. Netplay\cf0 \
	Snes9x's netplay is incompatible between ports.\
\
\cf3 8. Command-line options\cf0 \
	Mac port doesn't support command-line options.\
\
\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Q&A
\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx285\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf3 1. Everything is fine when I play the game, but the next time I play, my save data is not there. Why?\cf0 \
	Saving files into a locked volume and folders where you don't have permission to write will fail. Read 2. in the above section and make sure where you are saving files. The most common case for Mac beginners is launching Snes9x directly from the disk image (!) with choosing 'Snes9x folder' for saving destination.\
\
\cf3 2. How can I enter the Game Genie code in 'Cheat Entry' dialog?\cf0 \
	Simply enter the code directly into the address column. Snes9x automatically translates the Game Genie Code to the general format.\
\
\cf3 3. I connected my joypad but it doesn't work.\cf0 \
	Joypads cannot be used until you configure its settings in 'Configure Controllers' dialog.\
\
\cf3 4.	Is it legal?\cf0 \
	This has been asked time and again, and the answer is yes. Developing, downloading, or using the emulator, Snes9x, is completely legal. Downloading games, called ROMS, however is not. If you own the original cartridge of a game, you are still not entitled to download the ROM image of that game. You may create a single backup image of your own cartridge via proper hardware, but it must be YOUR cartridge and is only usable in place of the original... so only one may be active at any time. Many sites claim that you may legally download ROMs for up to 24 hours before they must be deleted. This is also wrong; you can't legally download these for "trial" purposes. You can't download ROMs for educational purposes either. If you wish to use Super Nintendo Entertainment System games for educational purposes, contact your closest Nintendo Outlet and discuss educational programming with them. Finally, a small number of ROMs are labeled "(PD)". This means public domain, and these games are not under copyright. As such they are legal to download at your hearts content. These include programs created by internet users such as yourself for use in Super Nintendo emulators. As of this time there are no commercial videogames in the public domain.\
\
\cf3 5.	My friend, Tibby, says that you are wrong and that game companies don't care if you download games!\cf0 \
	Whilst not actually a question, and more of a statement, I am afraid Tibby is incorrect.  Feel free to peruse the various legal documentation sprawled throughout the World Wide Web or your local constituency. As for the blatant generalization that companies do not care; At least one does, and truthfully many more do as well, as such the statement is obviously a fallacy. For those who think it is not fair, or shouldn't be the way it is... perhaps not, though as holders of a copyright it is up to Nintendo to decide how and when their products are distributed. \
\
\cf3 6. I just purchased your fine program off eBay for $19.89, but my friend says I can download it for free. Can you guys give me my money back?\cf0 \
	Okay, this question hasn't actually been asked, however our free downloadable program does seem to get sold on eBay more often than it should, which is to say at all. We cannot reimburse anyone who was unlucky enough to be scammed into purchasing Snes9x, just as McDonalds cannot reimburse you if you purchased 100 Happy Meals from a random stranger and he gave you a frozen fish. If you find yourself in this situation... Purchasing Snes9x, not frozen fish... Please take the time to inform eBay via their heavily disguised investigations department, and leave any negative feedback that you wish. It would also be appreciated by the Snes9x team if you could mention where and when this happened so that we can take measures to stop it from happening again. While the fact we aren't making money from the program in no way bothers us (It is freeware after all), that some grubby bastards are does.\
\
\cf3 7. So err, where exactly do I contact y'all, eh?\cf0 \
	The most convenient way to contact us would be via www.snes9x.com. There is a forum that is checked at least 12 times a day by regulars, and at least a few of us can actually give some advice. E-mail is also a possibility, though it is much slower, and you'll hafta find the e-mail addresses on your own. Be sure to read the FAQ and Read me before posting, as things already answered many a time will probably result in random insults or heavy sarcasm.\
}